:hammer: RustyHog: handle empty reports correctly to fix #10584 (#12129)
DefectDojo/django-DefectDojo: docs/content/en/connecting_your_tools/parsers/file/rusty_hog.md

RustyHog scans only one target at a time. This is not efficient if you want to scan all targets (e.g. all JIRA tickets) and upload each single report to DefectDojo.
[Rusty-Hog-Wrapper](https://github.com/manuel-sommer/Rusty-Hog-Wrapper) deals with this and scans a whole JIRA Project or Confluence Space, merges the findings into a valid file which can be uploaded to DefectDojo. (This is no official recommendation from DefectDojo, but rather a pointer in a direction on how to use this vulnerability scanner in a more efficient way.)

> You can either select "Rusty Hog Scan" or directly the specific sub scanner (e.g. "Duroc Hog Scan"). If you choose "Rusty Hog Scan", we reommend to reupload scans into the same test. For more information look at [this issue](https://github.com/DefectDojo/django-DefectDojo/issues/10584).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either select "Rusty Hog Scan" directly, or specify the sub scanner (e.g. "Duroc Hog Scan"). If you choose "Rusty Hog Scan", we recommend to re-import scans into the same test. For more information look at [this issue](https://github.com/DefectDojo/django-DefectDojo/issues/10584).
```
